Add release GitHub actions (#336)
drivendataorg/cookiecutter-data-science: RELEASING.md

# Information for releases and versioning of ccds

## Background

> The release of [ccds v2](https://drivendata.co/blog/ccds-v2) introduced the `ccds` utility and the concept of versioning to cookiecutter data science. Prior to this release, there was just the template and the use of [cookiecutter](https://github.com/cookiecutter/cookiecutter) - branches and forks could be used in the usual way to get different versions of the template.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The release of [ccds v2](https://drivendata.co/blog/ccds-v2) introduced the `ccds` utility and the concept of versioning to cookiecutter data science. Prior to this release, cookiecutter-data-science only provided a project template, which the generic [cookiecutter](https://github.com/cookiecutter/cookiecutter) utility could use to instantiate a project.  Branches and forks could be used in the usual way to get different versions of the template.
```

Slight rewording -- still accurate?

Reviewer 2: yeah this is much more clear
